Welcome on behalf of "The
Tonight Show" and New York City.
We like having you here.
It is great to see everybody.
[ Cheers and applause ]
This is history here,
because it's --
"The Tonight Show's" been
in New York for years,
but it's never had
a sitting president here.
So this is the first time
a sitting president...
Interesting.
...is sitting here.
[ Laughter ]
My advance people
didn't tell me that.
Exactly.
I'm not sure
I would have done it.
I mean, is there a reason
why other guys didn't do it?
No, yes, no, no.
No, there hasn't --
Yeah, exactly.
This is the final eight months
of your presidency.
Yeah.
Are you getting
a little sentimental?
You getting
a little weepy?
No.
Come on.
No, look,
this year's really busy.
Just like last year
was busy.
I keep on thinking,
"All right, at a certain point,
things are gonna
kind of ease up."
And they haven't.
And we've gotten
a lot of stuff done.
You know, I had a Cuba trip.
I just came back from Vietnam,
Hiroshima.
And so the work
keeps you occupied.
Every once in a while,
you start thinking about
the people you've worked with.
And that's where you start
getting a little sentimental.
But you try to fight it off,
because you don't want to
be crying in the Oval Office.
It's a downer, and then people
would think, "My God," you know.
[ Laughter ]
How can you be our leader?
If they see
the president crying...
Every day.
...then it could be a problem.
Could be a problem.
So, I try
to screen it out.
When is the last day --
Like, when do they say you
got to have your bags packed
and you gotta
get out of here?
Uh...I don't know.
I should find out.
[ Laughter ]
No.
It's actually amazing,
because they literally move
all your stuff out in one day.
You are living there.
And then suddenly --
It's not all out
on the south lawn.
I mean, they pack it up.
But they will move it
to wherever it is
that you want to move it to.
And so you're living
in the White House
up until Inauguration Day.
Inauguration Day,
you're out of there.
And I read on the Internet --
I don't know -- I believe
everything on the Internet.
And I read that you guys
are moving --
you guys are moving, like, two
miles away from the White House.
We will be staying
in D.C.
because my younger daughter
will still be in school,
and the idea of her
having to transfer schools,
move to a new city
halfway through high school
would not make me popular.
Yeah.
[ Laughter ]
I thought you were
just being like that kid
that graduated high school
and just never left.
Like, "Hey, guys,
how you doing?"
I mean,
it is a little depressing.
If you're kind of --
You're like the old guy
at the disco, right?
I'm still here.
Having a kegger
on the east lawn, everybody.
"All right, all right,
all right."
"No, you gotta leave.
You have to go, sir."
People whispering.
"He's still here."
"What do we say to him?
Somebody talk to him."